welcome to Morton's Steakhouse I'm
executive chef Gerard Henrickson today
we're preparing shrimp Alexander let's
start cooking
we have Pullman bread a white pepper
salt chopped shallots minced garlic
chopped parsley use six to eight shrimp
which is six to eight per pound
clarified butter heavy cream white wine
for the beurre blanc sauce clarified
butter salt white pepper lemon juice
chopped shallots and whole butter we got
to take our Pullman bread and run it
through the grinder and get some fresh
breadcrumbs going without heavy duty
equipment at home you can use a food
processor or can do it in smaller
intervals now that we've got the bread
crumbs grinded what we're gonna do is
take our wet ingredients five
tablespoons of chopped garlic 2
tablespoons of chopped shallots and to
keep the bread crumbs dry take a towel
or napkin and you're gonna want to take
all the water out once that's achieved
open the napkin or the towel and then
we're gonna mix all the ingredients into
the breadcrumbs figure our white pepper
salt then our chopped parsley mix all
these ingredients in and that's our Alex
bread crumbs we purchase yield and
devayne shrimp you want to go about a
quarter of a way down we're gonna do
this to all the shrimp now that we have
our shrimp cleaned up all ready to go
the clarified butter is going to come to
a boiling point you're gonna gonna hear
a sizzle obviously it's almost gonna
part cook the shrimp you're gonna dip it
into the bread crumbs toss it around and
what you want to do is you want to take
the tail hook it over and stick it in at
the halfway point so that it almost
makes like a u-shape then you're gonna
hit it with the bread crumbs again one
more time we're gonna put it on the
sheet tray with butcher paper and it
should stand up like that now that we
have our shrimp prepared we're going to
transfer it over to a pie 10 or you can
use a baking pan at home
obviously before you put it in the oven
you take some clarified butter 1 ounce
drizzle it on top of the shrimp and then
we're gonna put it in the 500 degree
oven for 8 to 10 minutes now while we
got those shrimp in the oven and they're
cooking what we're going to do is we're
going to get a saucepan and take our
clarified butter and our shallots we're
gonna let these sweat with a translucent
estate I'm gonna hit it with white wine
and then we're going to reduce the white
wine by 3/4 and after that we will add
our heavy cream or reduce that by half
we're halfway reduced on the heavy cream
so what we're gonna do is we're going to
put a little bit of butter in inside
don't put the butter in all at once now
we're gonna take the sauce off the heat
and we're gonna bring it over here we're
gonna add our lemon juice whisk that in
then we're gonna add our salt or white
pepper and then what you're going to
want to do gonna want to burn it with
the burr mixer you're gonna want to hold
state the sauce for about 30 to 45
seconds and then we're going to strain
the shallots out so we have a nice clear
thick sauce and that's our sauce beurre
blanc it's been eight minutes we're
gonna grab our shrimp out of the oven
Pooler blanc sauce on the bottom of the
plate and then we're gonna take our
shrimp and then we're going to garnish
it with parsley and fresh lemon and
there you have it we have our beautiful
shrimp Alexander you can make this at
home with the recipe or you can stop by
at any of Morton's the steakhouse today
what location it is
I'm good to say Marcus come step in his
margins Morton
remember to look at living I'm not here
okay you're not there yeah